Fix potential long chain issues with Bernoulli treatment. (#24507)
idaholab/moose: modules/navier_stokes/doc/content/syntax/Modules/NavierStokesFV/index.md

  !listing include/base/NS.h line=std::string T_fluid

For the default names of other variables used in this action, visit [this site](include/base/NS.h).

## Bernoulli pressure jump treatment

> 

Reviewer: The problem here is that this summarizes something bigger with only its parallel issue.

I would rather you leave the section title but just leave a link to the right page:

```
## Bernoulli pressure jump treatment

Please see [the Bernouilli pressure variable documentation]([BernoulliPressureVariable.md](https://github.com/idaholab/moose/pull/24507/files#diff-e318d2c2747655bc9fde1436532f6abd19c131bf882fc39bde3c2edac2df172c)) for more information.

Author: Great idea!

In certain cases multiple porosity jump faces may be connected by several cells in a
chain. For example at corners or when porous medium zones are one-cell wide. In such
scenarios, the two-term expansion in the downstream cell for the determination of the

> face pressure can lead to a very long chain of calls, which can potentially lead to

Author: This has been removed and now we are linking to the description in the BernoulliVariable.

attempts of attempts of accessing cell values which are neither owned
nor ghosted on the given rank. For this reason, the default value of
[!param](/Modules/NavierStokesFV/pressure_allow_expansion_on_bernoulli_faces)
is `false`. If the user wants to enable two-term expansion for the pressure

> computation on the porosity ump faces, special attention should be paid to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
computation on the porosity jump faces, special attention should be paid to
```

moving the porosity jump faces sufficiently far from each other or adding

> additional layers of ghosted elements (which can potentially increase communication costs)
> using [!param](/Modules/NavierStokesFV/ghost_layers) parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
additional layers of ghosted elements (which can potentially increase local computational and memory costs)
using [!param](/Modules/NavierStokesFV/ghost_layers) parameter.
```
Seems like we can just have this documentation in one place with requisite link from the other place
